# cybersecurity-portfolio
A portfolio for showcasing my progress and achievements in cybersecurity. 
# About Me:
Name : Devon Jamaal Harris
Hometown: Decatur, Georgia, United States 
Prior IT Experience: Prior IT experience I've obtained in the professinally world was a brief time spent helping e-commerce stores scan over possible email fraud attacks such as phishing scams and ransomware. Also working with logistics, I experienced first hand hackers being able to log into secure emails stealing account information from companies paying out their truck drivers. In response to the hackers, they forced the compnay to shut down systems from the employees for over 24hrs. I've been able to achieve many IT skills during my work as a salesman and other job postions that require fundenmental computer knowledge. 
Career Plans: Upon finsihing the program I hope to achieve a strong foundation of Cybersecurtity knowledge. With a lot of my piror experience being in handling a variety of security software, I look to build a career in watching over companies secure information and protecting them from any cyber-threats. That foundation paired with the cerfiecations I have the oppurtunity of recieving as well, I hope to land a entry-level postion as a Security Analyst or hopefully a postion in the Network field. 
Proud Project/Task: A proud project I most recently finish was building a gaming PC unit for my nephew. This project stands out to me because with having no kownledge of most the components and how they work, the process was very long and tedious. There are many componets you have to be very careful not only installing but programing as well to make sure you make no mistakes with the build. I was able to edcaute myself on motherboards,cpu's, gpu's, and ram when it comes to how they all connect with the the pc system. I am also proud of bening able to program and run windows 11 properly on the first start up of the unit. I push through the challanges and kept edcuating myself and what I needed to do for each step and eventaully everything came together and worked perfectly.
